Beautiful
We won the team
I declare the challenger the winner
Reward one month of free electricity
Oh, congratulations, congratulations.
Get out of the tiger's mouth
You're so happy to know I got back to you
I know you will win
So I crushed you
But they don't know.
insatiable
Be careful you swallow too much and choke yourself to death
Haven't you heard this sentence?
The prime minister can punt in his stomach
captain
Hahahaha, what did they do to you?
I'm fine next
We need to plan and analyze the structure of the virus
Without the assistance of Dr. Zhang
After trying to make a serum
Find the nuke console
Completely destroy the Sakura Organization
Jiajia's easy blood oxygen can help eyeball viruses
Try to make serum
But his blood can only be preserved for 24 hours
So we need a chemistry lab.
I know where there is